
The drawing area should have the following features:

  At the top, "Pen 0 x 0" in a consistent font (i.e., re-painting
    should not change the font)
  "Pen 1 x 1" in a possibly different font
  "Pen 2 x 2" in a bold font (bold version of 1x1 font)
  
  A line should appear across each of "Pen 0 x 0", etc.
    (if the line is missing, it was probably erased when the text
     was repainted, and that is bad)

  the drawings under 0x0 and 1x1 should look the same:
    TopLeft: h-line should be left-aligned with box below it,
             but extend 1 extra pixel. v-line similarly should be
             top-aligned and 1 pixel longer. The lines should not 
             touch the box - there should be 2 pixels of space.
    Top: Lines for the rotated L's should join in a sharp corner
    Second from Top: like top-left, but lines should touch the box
                     (so only the vertical overhang is visible)
    Second from top, right: For 0x0, the X should never be
                            more than 1 pixel wide; this is a case
                            where 1x1 may be different (i.e., it may
                            have areas two-pixels wide)
    Four shape lines: First and second should be exactly the same
             shape, with the first hollow and the second filled.
             Third shape and all 2x2 shapes are ill-defined.
    Octagons: two hollow octagons exactly the same shape.
    Dot (after octagons): a single pixel
    Line: actually two lines, but they should form a single
             unbroken line
    Arcs: The leftmost should be the top half of a circle (it's
          form via two arcs); the rightmost should be a filled
          wedge from 90 degrees to 180 degress
    Images: MrEd logo (b & w)
            BB logo (color)
            Down-left arrow (b & w)
            Down-left arrow - B & W, *not* red
            Down-left arrow - red with white background
            BB logo, possibly reddened
            Down-left arrow - red with *white* background
    Stippled boxes: In a blue box w/black border, three boxes:
                    Black and white/blue stippled arrow 
                      (white vs. blue: depends on platform and DC)
                    Black and white stippled arrow
                    BB stippled
    Dashed lines: each half green, half black:
           Solid line
           Dot line
           Long Dash line
           Short Dash line
           Dot Dash line

The image should look the same regardless of the top radio button
setting --- Canvas, Pixmap, or Bitmap --- except that the Bitmap
setting might produce a black-and-white image.

Clicking on the "*2" checkbox should double the size of everything
except the pen widths and bitmaps.

Clicking on "+10" should shift everything 10 pixels down and across.
(Even when "*2" is checked, it should be a 10 pixel offset).

Clicking on "PostScript" should produce the same image in a PostScript
file.

The "icons" and "stipple" boxes just enable those parts of the
drawing. PostScript drawing of icons and stipples can be slow.
